Update setup-azure.md (#1626)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/setup-azure.md

Your Azure AD app should now be added to your dbt Cloud Account. People on your team who want to develop in dbt Cloud's IDE can now personally [authorize Azure DevOps from their profiles](dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/authenticate-azure).

## Connecting a service user

> Azure DevOps forces all authentication to be linked to a user's permissions. For dbt Cloud scheduled runs, it's not ideal to link auth to an individual Azure DevOps user because if that user leaves your organization, your dbt Cloud production runs will start to fail because of lost access to read from the dbt repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Azure DevOps forces all authentication to be linked to a user's permissions, we recommend you create a "service user" to manage access to your dbt Cloud account. For dbt Cloud scheduled runs, you should avoid linking authentication to an individual Azure DevOps user. Primarily this prevents your dbt Cloud production runs from failing if the person leaves your organization causing a loss of read access for the dbt repository. 
```

> Instead, we recommend that you create a "service user" which is a pseudo user in Azure DevOps that has read access to all dbt repos for the whole dbt Cloud account. This way you can scope permissions appropriately for this service user and ensure that it never loses access. If you don't want to create a separate Azure DevOps user, you can link scheduled runs to an admin's profile who has appropriate read access to the dbt repos, but this is not the recommended approach, as you don't want to overpermission the service user or risk losing read access should the admin leave your organization. dbt Cloud will refresh the service user's OAuth access token regularly behind the scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "service user" account is a pseudo user account in Azure DevOps with read access to all dbt repos for the whole dbt Cloud account. This account enables you to scope permissions appropriately and preserve access. 

If you don't want to create a separate Azure DevOps user, you can link scheduled runs to an admin profile who has appropriate read access to the dbt repositories, but we don't recommended approach, as you could over permission the service user or risk losing read access should the admin leave your organization. dbt Cloud will refresh the service user's OAuth access token regularly behind the scenes.
```
